doc: add flux job shell API manpages (#2793)
flux-framework/flux-core: doc/man3/flux_shell_rpc_pack.adoc

flux_shell_rpc_pack(3)
======================
:doctype: manpage

NAME
----

> flux_sell_rpc_pack - Use Jansson syntax to make a remote procedure call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flux_shell_rpc_pack - perform an rpc to a running flux shell using Jansson style pack arguments
```

Author: Done!

SYNOPSIS
--------

 #include <flux/shell.h>
 #include <errno.h>

 flux_future_t *flux_shell_rpc_pack (flux_shell_t *shell, 
                                     const char *method, 
                                     int shell_rank, 
                                     int flags, 
                                     const char *fmt, 
                                     ...);

DESCRIPTION
-----------

> Sends a remote procedure call `method` to rank `shell_rank`.

Reviewer: Subtlety, this call sends an RPC to a remote *shell* by shell rank.

Author: Agree with outdated tag.

> Sends a remote procedure call `method` to rank `shell_rank`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send a remote procedure call `method` to another shell in the same job at shell rank `shell_rank`.
```

Author: Done!

RETURNS
-------

Returns NULL and sets `errno` to EINVAL if `shell`, `method` or `fmt` 
are NULL, or if `rank` is less than 0.  Otherwise, returns the results

> of the underlying `shell_svc_vpack()` call.

Reviewer: For consistency with other manpages, split into `RETURN VALUE` and `ERRORS`

Author: Already done.
